[IMP] inventory: refactor WH and locations (#10238)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/field_service/default_warehouse.rst

=============

To set up a user default warehouse, the :doc:`storage locations
<../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/inventory_management/use_locations>`

> feature needs to be activated in the **Inventory** app. It is also necessary to have more than one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature needs to be activated in the *Inventory* app. It is also necessary to have more than one
```

Author: Same as above-- since this is a field service doc, I plan to not make any content changes, and just wanted to update a link that wouldve been broken upon publishing this PR.

warehouse in your database.

> You can either set it up :ref:`for your profile <default-warehouse/my-profile>`, or :ref:`for all
> users <default-warehouse/all-users>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either set it up :ref:`for the user profile <default-warehouse/my-profile>`, or :ref:`for all
users <default-warehouse/all-users>`.
```
